protocol-kit v2.0 (#266)
safe-global/safe-docs: safe-core-sdk/protocol-kit/README.md

### Prerequisites

1. [Node.js and npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/downloading-and-installing-node-js-and-npm)

> 2. 3 externally-owned accounts with Testnet ETH in at least one account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Three externally-owned accounts with Testnet ETH in at least one account
```

### Initialize the API Kit

> The [API Kit](https://github.com/safe-global/safe-core-sdk/tree/main/packages/api-kit) consumes the [Safe Transaction Service API](https://github.com/safe-global/safe-transaction-service). To start using this library, create a new instance of the `SafeApiKit` class, imported from `@safe-global/api-kit. In those chains where Safe provides a transaction service is enough to specify the chainId. You can specify your own service using the optional `txServiceUrl` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [API Kit](https://github.com/safe-global/safe-core-sdk/tree/main/packages/api-kit) consumes the [Safe Transaction Service API](https://github.com/safe-global/safe-transaction-service). To use this library, create a new instance of the `SafeApiKit` class, imported from `@safe-global/api-kit. In those chains where Safe provides a transaction service, it is enough to specify the `chainId.` You can specify your own service using the optional `txServiceUrl` parameter.
```
